0.6.15.5666

https://web.archive.org/web/20210128182500/https://steamcommunity.com/games/1366540/announcements/detail/3065231317858269346

Dear engineers,

How’s your galaxy factory going?
It has been a week since the launching of Dyson Sphere Program. We’re so glad that Dyson Sphere Program can be liked by such a lot of players, and didn't expect it can reach 350,000 sold copies in one week! It's such a surprise that both encouraged us and pressure us. At the moment, the team is still busy in the game development and debug to answer the supports we have achieved from every individually you, and make the game less problems and more fun.

Your expectation on Dyson Sphere Program's potential was snowflaked to us by the feedback and suggestions. Don't worry, most of the expectations are already in our roadmap. But Rome wasn't built in A day, neither the 'Combat', 'Assembly Space Platform' or 'Workshops'.

Today we are going to tell 'what we are going to done before Chinese New Year' (the holidays will begin at 11th February). Most of them are the burning problems from your feedbacks. Let's take a look:

What we are going to done before 11th February?
Quick Upgrade: You will be able to upgrade some of the buildings and conveyors by directly build (cover/overlap/displace) the higher grade facilities on the lower grade facilities, instead of demolish the lower grade one in advance.

Keybinding: It's a very important function for many of you, engineers. We will finish it before 11th February.

Framework of logistics management system: A basic management framework will be setup to the logistics system. Of course, it will be still 'basic' at February that may only bring 'basic' logistic solution for you, such as the farthest transportation distance and the quantity requirement of delivering goods. The logistic system will be fleshed with the progress of game development in the future.

A more detailed Game Development Roadmap will be published after Chinese New Year holidays. Tons of contents you are looking forward are included in it - such as "Combats", "Assembly Space Platform", "Workshops", etc.

At the end of the letter, from the bottom of our heart, thank you!!!


(The Patch Note is late, but never absent.)

[Version 0.6.15.5666]

Feature:
Smart Warp: From now on, your mecha will not miss or hit on the planet - It will decelerate and turn off the warp engine automatically as it approaches to a planet in warp. Thanks to the latest warp firmware!


Bug Fix:
Fixed the bug that sometimes the vessels can't catch up with the planets with a fast revolution.
Fixed the bug that sometimes the rockets can't catch up with the Dyson Sphere with a fast rotation.
Fixed the bug that sometimes the mecha walked with the wrong VisualFX and SoundFX.
Fixed the layout that the words overlapped on each other in accumulator UI.


Game Setting:
Now you have more choices on Max FPS Options, such as 30fps, 144fps, etc.




Looking forward to your feedback in Discord and Google Form! See you next time!
