0.7.18.7063

https://steamcommunity.com/games/1366540/announcements/detail/3068620431827414475

Hi engineers,

There's an old Chinese going says 'The weather in June changes rapidly like Children's mood'. Don't forget to see the weather forecast and take care of health!

[Version 0.7.18.7063]

Feature:

Now you can choose to Enable/Disable your Milky Way function in the [Settings - Gameplay] option.
Now you can choose to upload/not upload your Dyson Sphere data to Milky Way server in the [Settings - Gameplay] option.
Now you can manually delete your Dyson Sphere data already uploaded to Milky Way in the [Settings - Gameplay] option.
Now you can turn on/off the advisor's prompts Added the ability to turn on or off advisor prompts in the [Settings - Miscellaneous] option.
Now you can hold down the right mouse button in Milky Way to see the camera facing the center of the Milky Way and automatically patrol around.
Change:

Now your ID in Milky Way will be different from other players
Optimized server operating efficiency, and the Milky Way can be loaded smoother than before.
No longer publicly display the names of the Top 10 Possessors in the Milky Way
Adjusted the initial camera position of the Milky Way when entering the Milky Way from StarMap - Now if you enter the Milky Way from StarMap, you will see the location of your star cluster in the Milky Way at the first glance.
Optimized the logic of camera control in the Milky Way
Optimized the VFX of the Milky Way view
Increased the building limit for mass construction from 12 to 15
Bugfix:

Fixed a bug that may appear when the player picked up items in the construction mode
Fixed a bug that the name may be obscured by the bright light of the star cluster when rolling closer to a star cluster
Fixed a bug that the player's name and his/her Dyson Sphere data may not be displayed correctly in the Milky Way after the player's Dyson Sphere data reached the requirements.
Fixed the bug that the thumbnail of the Logistic Vessel may be displayed incorrectly when entering Milky Way from StarMap
Fixed a bug that the UI of Milky Way may be displayed incorrectly
Fixed a bug that the cargo may be imported or exported incorrectly after built Storage Tanks, fractionators or energy exchanges under certain circumstances
Fixed a bug of mold-through under Construction Mode due to the too-late refreshing of collision frame while building a construction
Fixed the bug that the dismantle gizmo may be displayed incorrectly when dismantling the splitter
Thank you for your continuing support! You can send your feedback in Discord and Google Form! See you next time!
